feat: add Vue composable package and introduced a vue-supabase-todo project (#111)
powersync-ja/powersync-js: demos/vue-supabase-todolist/README.md

# PowerSync + Supabase Vue Demo: Todo List (TypeScript)

## Overview

Demo app demonstrating use of the [PowerSync Vue](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@journeyapps/powersync-vue) together with Supabase.

> A step-by-step guide on Supabase<>PowerSync integration is available [here](https://docs.powersync.com/integration-guides/supabase).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A step-by-step guide through the Supabase<>PowerSync integration is available [here](https://docs.powersync.com/integration-guides/supabase).
```

# PowerSync + Supabase Vue Demo: Todo List (TypeScript)

## Note: Alpha Release

> This package is currently in a alpha release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package is currently in an alpha release.
```
